Geomap: Update dashboard variable with view data (#116208)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/visualizations/panels-visualizations/visualizations/geomap/index.md

The **No map repeating** option prevents the base map tiles from repeating horizontally when you pan across the world. This constrains the view to a single instance of the world map and avoids visual confusion when displaying global datasets. Enabling this option requires the map to reinitialize.

#### Enable dashboard variable

> Stores the current map viewport bounding box in a dashboard variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stores the current map's view extents in a dashboard variable of your choosing.
This is particularly useful for dynamically querying data based on the map's current extents.
```

1. Create a Custom dashboard variable first
2. Enable this option
3. Select the variable name from the dropdown

> 4. Use the variable in your queries

Author: Good question @imatwawana! The use case here is being able to adjust one's datasource query based on the map's view extents. 

For example, if a user is displaying restaurant status globally (say it's 40,000 restaurants) and a user zooms into a particular region, if the view extent can be applied to their query, it will return ONLY the restaurants in that region, drastically improving performance.

> 4. Use the variable in your queries

Author: I went ahead and committed these changes (with a bit of clean up in the numbering and the UI name change). Does number 4 need any more clarification @imatwawana?

> The variable contains comma-separated coordinates (EPSG:4326): `minLon,minLat,maxLon,maxLat`

Reviewer: Is this a requirement of the variable you set up or something about how the variable data will be treated once it's in use?
